Attend the Intel Technology Conference and find out what’s new, and what’s in the works.
You’ve asked and we’re back! Don’t miss this opportunity to meet face to face with Intel experts.
Experience the latest business solutions from Intel, all in one place.
New: Find out what’s happening inside Intel IT, and hear from Intel IT experts on the hot-button IT issues of the day.
Intel Technology Conference, 10 locations, October 1 - November 13, 2014
Portland, Oregon
October 1
Doubletree by Hilton, Portland

Toronto
October 7
Le Jardin

Boston
October 14
Sheraton Boston

New York / New Jersey
October 16
Clarion Empire Meadowlands Hotel, Secaucus, NJ

Atlanta
October 21
The St. Regis Atlanta

Washington, DC
October 23
The Ritz-Carlton Tysons Corner

Chicago
October 28
The Stonegate Center, Hoffman Estates

Dallas
November 4
Embassy Suites Dallas - Frisco Hotel, Conf Center & Spa

Orange County
November 11
Hyatt Regency Orange County

San Jose
November 13
Levi's Stadium
Three content-filled tracks with your needs in mind:
IT Manager Track
This track is for you if you are an IT Manager who makes decisions about technology. If your job involves designing, purchasing, installing or supporting IT for mid-size business and enterprise IT infrastructure, don’t miss this informative event. Intel Technology Providers are encouraged to invite your customers to attend this track with you.
Learn More 
Solutions Track
The solutions track is for Intel Technology Providers — resellers, system builders, solution providers and branded VARs who are interested in Intel product and solution updates including client, server, cloud computing, and the Internet of Things.
Learn More 
Server Technical Solutions Track
Limited to Intel Technology Providers — Platinum and Gold level, especially integrators interested in hands-on training on the next generation Server Platform based on the Intel® Xeon® E5v3 processor. There is limited seating, so register early to reserve your seat! The cost is $199 per company for up to two attendees.
Learn More 
Copyright Intel Corporation 2014. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. * Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. All information subject to change without notice. Visit our site to review our privacy policy.

© 2014 All rights reserved. Online registration and support proudly provided by Opus Events Agency, the leader in integrated event management.
